We had a first look at the background property, we used it with colors and we use it with our images
and the background property is a shorthand property as you learned.
Now behind the scenes, we can split it up into several subproperties and we saw some of them. We get the
background, image, color, position and size and repeat
but there also is background origin, clip and attachment.
Now let's find out what all of these properties do.
Well, background image unsurprisingly allows us to set one or important,
we didn't do that yet but we'll do so soon,
multiple background images. Background color can be used to surprisingly set a solid color as a background.
Background position allows us to set the initial position relative to the background position layer,
now that will become important in a second,
this will refer to the background origin here and it only applies to the background image because
if you have a solid color, it will fill the entire container,
that's it,
you can't position that. Background size sets the size of the background image,
also only refers to the background image therefore. Background repeat defines how a background images
are repeated,
also referring to background image therefore and background origin allows us to set a background
positioning area.
Now we'll dive into what this means in the next lecture,
it also is only relevant for background images. Background clip allows us to define whether the background
extends underneath a potential border or not,
so if it ends before the border or goes beneath it,
important for dotted or dashed borders where you can actually see content below the border and background
attachment defines how the scrolling will behave inside of that image,
so this also only refers to images.
Here's an overview, everything that's orange-ish
refers to background image only.
So now let's dive into that and let's see that in action and let's find out how this actually can be
applied to our background.